The relationship between the siblings under the boss's knees has been cracked
Four Xiaoxiao forwarded instant honesty online
prove
There has been a reversal on the public opinion network
What to do next
Send our people first
Contact Four Xiaoxiao in private
See if you can turn him against the water
Conditions can be opened up to 5% of the shares
Jixi Courtyard can start to act
Ok boss
How is the acquisition of shares in Jishi?
So far, 17% have been acquired.
There are a few old stubbornness
He refused to sell his shares
Said to stay here for retirement
How many shares does Ji Mingyuan still have?
Ji Mingyuan holds a 16% stake
5% of the shares in the hands of the period month
If you can send the term and month
Transfer to us
Then we can completely crush Ji Mingyuan
Wait a minute, Mr. Si
You do it